LibRan - Library of pseudo-Random variates

LRt_xxx_RAN(o)		- random variate distributed according to 'xxx'
LRt_xxx_PDF(o,x)	- probability distribution function according to 'xxx'
LRt_xxx_CDF(o,x)	- cummalitive distribution function according to 'xxx'
			  (Integral of PDF)

o = the libran object
o.u		pseudo-random uniform distribution function
o.t		random distribution type (see below)
o.d		random distribution data type (LR_int, LR_float, etc)
o.a		initial value in range
o.b		final value in range
o.m		middle value of distribution
o.s		measure of distribution width
o.x		auxiliary value

However, once the LR object is declared then use the "generic"
methods which "knows" which RAN,PDF, or CDF method to call for the
given random variate distribution.  E.g.

LRt_RAN(o)	- random variate sequence
LRt_PDF(o,x)	- probability distribution function
LRt_CDF(o,x)	- cummalitive distribution function

t = f or d for single (float) or double precision
  = i or l for an int or long integer precision

The distribution object parameters are set with the following:
set an individual object parameter
	LR_set(o, 'x', value)				
set multiple object parameters
	LR_setall(o, "abx...", value1, value2, value3, ...)

After the parameters are set, then optionally call
	LR_check(o)
which will "fix" the parameters (if it can) or identify "bad"
parameters.  For example a distribution with a finite range the routine
will make sure the "a" and "b" parameters are ordered properly and
flag an error if they are identical.

For those distributions which rely on "m" (mean) and "s" (standard
deviation) it will fix if "s" is negative and flag an error if it's
value is zero.

xxx	- generic template

Discrete:
poiss	- Poison
binom	- binomial

Continuum:
unif	- uniform
piece	- piecewise uniform segments
lspline	- linear spline
gaus	- Gaussian
gsn2	- Gaussian like - 2 uni (saw tooth)
gsn4	- Gaussian like - 4 uni
gsn12	- Gaussian like - 12 uni
log	- logirithmic
nexp	- negative exponential
cauchy	- Cauchy

Some of the random variate distributions also require some auxiliary
functions to be called to properly set-up the distribution beyond the
simple set of parameters contained within the LR object.

The LR object also contains its own uniform pseudo-random variate
generator and the sequence is independent from other LR objects.
This function can be replaced, but the replacement version must
conform to the same signature.  (Check libran.h for details.)

